here we go
the 370 now this is smaller and lighter
than the 350
now unfortunately we have the 7-speed
paddle-shift automatic the downshift
blip the throttle and happen as soon as
you tug on a paddle up shifts however if
you like somebody riding the clutch
while they're trying to shift gears it's
unacceptable for a car like this when
you consider the nissan synchro rev
match is the most advanced Maino
transmission in the world it's worth
learning what a 370z
Nissan has now figured out a way to make
you look like a hero while you're
driving a stick you're gonna be much
happier and you're not gonna have that
stupid 7th gear I don't care if the
transmission wakes up every morning and
makes you breakfast it's completely
unnecessary it's like Walmart had a sale
on gears just get the six-speed and
solve the problem the interior on the
370 is what the 350 should have been you
can see the breeding it is a direct
carryover from the 350 and refined in
every capacity everywhere I look around
the cabin there's i pleasing shapes
I left the Alcantara inserts I like to
see if they're alternate color from the
rest of the cabin Nissan calls it four
simin i call it a little like wearing
silk boxers underneath your conservative
suit I kind of like it my least favorite
thing about the 370 is just a sheer
amount of noise
the tiniest bits of debris in the road
sound like a hailstorm of the wheel
wells the visibility in the 370 is not
very good it's got a window just behind
the b-pillar you're supposed to be able
to use that to see your blind spot it's
entirely blocked by the headrest it may
as well be stained glass because all
it's doing is operating as a skylight
for the back of the seats but I must
admit everything we all complained about
in the 350 interior has been addressed
the 370 has gone back more to the look
of the 240 with the long nose and the
little bubble cabin in the back I kind
of think it might be a little bit
fat-assed I think it's fantastic
I think Nissan nailed the proportions
it's got really wide squat muscular
fenders it just sits right it's growing
on me like that girl you met you thought
she was fine but the longer you looked
at it the more you realized damn she's
sexy
the things that I'm unsure about are
these little upswept points at the ends
of the headlights and the taillights
kind of a trendy new theme that Nissan
has latched on to but I gotta admit
everywhere this car goes at the head
turner it's a sexy sexy looking car I'm
not sure it's going to age very well and
at the end of the day I like the look of
the 300 the best handling on the 370
it's gonna be among the best I've ever
it's
this is really a delicate fingertips
kind of control
I find myself pushing the 370 because I
know exactly what it's doing at all
times I can go even faster through my
corners now I've got complete confidence
as to what the cars do the biggest
blessing is the opportunity to turn the
traction control off the 370 loves to
dance
it's like Fred Astaire had about five
espressos before going on stage
while you're very aware of the pavement
you have to hope that the road you're on
is really smooth I'm disappointed that a
car with this much feel actually gets so
unsettled it shrugs it off like that I
know I can pick a line and hold it some
of the safest cars on the road or those
cars that can out break a dangerous
situation you simply have to get the
Sport Package brakes the brakes on this
car
are unbelievable you have to recalibrate
the way you use brakes when I stomp on
the brakes I can hang you upside down
and backwards by the seat belt yes the
brakes are that good no I wouldn't have
it any other way this car is nearly
impossible to drive slowly I might as
well throw your license away this v6
catapults you on this rising surge of
power
it's like body surfing away because
nothing realize is twice as big as you
thought it was
I know the 370 makes a lot of power it
just sounds like a domestic argument
lots of thrashy industrial machinery
growing things and yelling but it also
feels like a real machine it feels like
I'm really truly in control of this car
370 wins hands down
the payoff about driving the 370 is that
I'm just smiling that's the reason to
own this car this car is incredibly
precise when you put your foot down or
you find the twisties this is the one
you want to be
you